hello my name is vital i am
I am a company art manager and
Totemnogo meadows city now I you
I will tell about such technology as selection
colors
among motorists preparing the concept
such as computer paint selection
it is not quite right now i am you
I'll tell you why you can choose the color
split into several stages
this is the first to identify
car color code depending
from the mark of the location of the color code
may vary as for example this
toyota prado it is on the rack
but let's say in audi only the code
luggage compartment
stage 2 deciphering the identification
car code that is, we enter the code in
computer and we get accurate data on
color again head there is an opinion that
factory code is one hundred percent identical
with the color of the car is not so
most cases actually this
moment and connects to the colorist job
he mix pigments and make vykrasku
painting is the application of paint to the test
plate followed by varnishing after
This tess plate compare with
necessary color and is made to
tinting before reaching bypass
the result is actually a process
tinting further ready Casco transferred
paint shop for the subsequent paint
work as you see the computer
takes part
color matching only at the initial stages
the rest of the work takes over
colourist so when you see in
car service inscriptions in computer
selection
it does not guarantee you one hundred percent
hitting the color while we're having staff
highly skilled colorists
certified by dupont system
can we wait for you our company will be happy
can I help you
thank you bye